[Music]
they say you are what you eat well if
that's true I should be a chocolate-chip
cookie by now
yet how a person eats reveals much more
about their personality want to read
anyone like an open book or a menu get
to know your true self better well sit
down to some grub and pay attention to
these hints one you love salty food salt
lovers like to go with the flow and are
ready to take up any opportunity life
gives them they have big dreams and
don't just wait passively for them to
come true
they're chill and friendly but they can
get easily frustrated with trifle things
like a traffic jam
- you eat one thing at a time finish
your piece now you move on to the mashed
potatoes then the chicken leg these
types are very detail-oriented they like
to think everything through carefully
before jumping into action that's why
such people usually know how to achieve
success and are valued at work for being
reliable and thorough 3 your picky picky
eaters ask the waiter to add or omit
some ingredients in a dish they have a
hundred questions about the menu they
play it safe in all areas of life if
they're looking for a job they'll take
the one they know perfectly well but
they love learning new things and are
never ashamed to admit they don't know
something for you eat fast
if you scarf your food down in five
minutes you're likely good at
multitasking they have high ambitions
which makes them rather competitive no
wonder
such overachievers are always busy
they're so caught up in ticking things
off their to-do list that quite often
they forget to set aside some me time or
have fun with friends and family
five you eat slow these people believe
there's no reason to hurry they don't
like when others try to tell them what
to do it's hard to manipulate slow
eaters because they always do what they
think is right for them could be why
others sometimes see them as selfish
people who savor every piece of food
know how to enjoy every moment to the
fullest and appreciate simple things in
life
six you choose a unique dish if you
order the most unheard-of dish on the
menu you must be quite adventurous these
types can't imagine their life without
trying new things and getting out of
their comfort zone others truly enjoy
their company and admire their courage
but these adventure seekers sometimes
talk people into doing things they're
not comfortable with since not everyone
can be so brave 7
you're allowed sure many people find
this eating habit a bit annoying let's
admit but that's just the way loud
eaters are they don't worry what others
think about them their carefree spirit
makes them friendly and extroverted
many people respect them for their
confidence and relaxed attitude toward
any troubles life throws at them others
find being so open and straightforward a
little off-putting 8 you don't like
sharing food a friend innocently tries
to steal a little piece of cheesecake
from your plate only to be met by your
disapproving look most things such
people are greedy and selfish but in
reality they just value their
independence and individuality more than
anything else
9 you take other people's food now the
reverse you don't mind helping yourself
to a friend's plate and it's not because
you're in polite these types are just
affectionate and sharing food for them
is a sign of trust sometimes though food
robbers can get possessive and demanding
when they're on their way to getting
what they want 10 you like a bitter
taste
a strong cup of joe dark chocolate
radishes and everything in between a
liking for bitter food can show some
antisocial behavior some people can act
impulsively without realising how their
actions affect others also they can be
controlling even with their closest
friends or maybe dark chocolate is just
delicious 11 you have a sweet tooth
people who like everything sweet are
easygoing and kind-hearted if you have
such a friend you're lucky they'll
support you like no one else in a
difficult situation but keep in mind
that they're very vulnerable just
curious which one of these eaters are
you let me know in the comments 12 you
have a particular preference in ice
cream if you always go for vanilla
you're sensitive and quite impulsive you
might like to do things on a whim
chocolate lovers can be dramatic and
take everything close to heart as for
anyone with a liking for strawberry ice
cream they prefer to spend their time on
their own bright colors of rainbow
sherbert are a stark contrast with a
pessimistic view on life among those who
like this flavor 13 you eat a lot of
fruits and veggies broccoli chomping
folk are super empathetic they can shed
a tear while watching a sad movie they
can put aside their own needs for the
sake of others at the same time they
take good care of themselves and their
health that's why they usually have
fewer bad habits 14 you like meat meat
lovers might have problems with
communication it's hard for them to open
up to people when someone tries to make
friends with them they can get defensive
and indifferent but it's just a mask if
you earn their trust you'll have a loyal
friend
who'll be by your side through thick and
thin cuts of meat
fifteen you mix all the food on your
plate combining all the food together on
a plate says that a person is outgoing
and good at making friends when it comes
to work they take on multiple
responsibilities despite being
hard-working they manage to find time to
build healthy relationships with their
close ones but their desire to have it
all in life can lead them emotionally
burnt-out 16 you cut all your food up
before reading if this sounds like you
then nobody can doubt your
organizational skills
some people think 10 steps ahead no
matter what they do when it comes to a
career they're ready to work hard toward
their goals in personal relationships
they like to plan everything - just
don't forget to enjoy the present moment
instead of mentally being in the future
all the time
17 you love all things sour this type of
food is a tricky one because it more
describes a person's current state than
their general personality traits those
who keep snacking on olives lemons and
other sour treats are probably feeling
anxious when we're stressed our taste
buds lose sensitivity which makes our
food less sour for us so we crave more
of it 18 you like it spicy
there's nothing bland about you such
people are real thrill-seekers skydiving
or bungee jumping sounds like a great
pastime for them there's nothing more
interesting for this type and facing
their fears they find stability boring
and welcome any changes in their life
finally this memorable takeaway at the
end of the day it is better to eat than
to be eaten hey I didn't say it was
anything deep so if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
shared with a fred and here are some
other great videos I know you love just
click right there on the left or right
Andrew
member stay on the bright side of life